hi everybody so this review is going to
be for the Mac face and body foundation
it's a liquid foundation that comes in a
bottle like this
I mentioned this foundation in my July
favorites video comparing it with the
magic nude foundation that I like them
both somewhat the same and some whatnot
so I just did a review for this
foundation so if you are interested to
see it you can go check that out it was
just my previous video the main reason I
wanted to try out this foundation was
because it is summer and it's really hot
I needed a new foundation that is more
lightweight on my skin and I needed a
new foundation that's darker because I
have been tanning I have gotten to about
two shades darker and all of my
foundations were too light so I needed a
new shade and I need it and I wanted to
try a different foundation and I thought
Mac face and body would be a good
lightweight foundation to try with
summer time and I really really do like
it for the fact that it is really really
lightweight it is a very very thin
formula very liquidy you can actually
hear it how liquidy it is it's a
water-based formula one thing about it
is that it has no SPF so if you are
concerned about wearing SPF for the
summertime
you would probably have to wear some
kind of SPF separately but I don't mind
it doesn't have SPF in it so this is
perfect for me and the color that I
picked up that match my skin was c4 so
this foundation comes in a it has a
stopper like that so you can just pour
it out and it's very nice because the at
least there is a little stopper so you
can
control how much you want a little bit
and like I said it is a very thin
formula very lightweight very
comfortable on your skin it is a light
to medium coverage foundation in my
opinion it's not by any means a full
coverage foundation so if you want a
full coverage you can kind of build it
you can build a couple of layers of this
foundation but when I try to build a
couple of layers I still don't quite get
a full coverage with it so I would say
it's more like a light to medium
coverage foundation and if you have a
lot of problems on your skin you
probably will need to use some type of
concealer on top of that this foundation
in my opinion is good for any type of
skin it doesn't matter if you have dry
skin combination skin or oily skin
simply because it dries to a more dewy
finish I have combination to oily skin
mainly oily especially in my t-zone and
I do need to set it with some type of
powder so if you have dry skin I have
dry patchy like spot right here and
sometimes like around my mouth area
right here
it doesn't cling to those like patchy
spots so it's feels kind of like a
tinted moisturizer like the feeling of
it so because I do have oily skin I do
set it with powder and I like setting it
with my Laura Mercier foundation powder
just use like a big fluffy brush or
sometimes I said with translucent powder
by Laura Mercier like this but I like
the actual foundation powder butter I
actually have it on today too
I forgot to say I have it on today with
the setting powder this one here and if
you have dry skin I don't think you need
to set it with powder if you like a more
natural semi dewy finish but if you do
have oily skin I suggest that you set it
with some kind of powder and like I said
it's a flawless lightweight very
comfortable finish and I'm wearing it
here in hot summertime it lasts
throughout the day I do need to touch up
in the t-zone and I generally if I'm in
a hurry I like to use my fingers to
apply all kinds of foundation and it
works really really great just with my
fingers but sometimes I like using a
stippling brush like this to apply I use
a stippling brush to apply it today and
then I finish it off with like a second
layer with my fingers just to show you
guys so that it can be applied with a
second layer and with your fingers and
with a brush but I was suggest using
like a stippling brush like this I
wouldn't use like a dense brush because
I think it might absorb all of this
foundation since it's like a water-based
foundation otherwise you would have to
use a ton of the product if you do build
it a couple of layers it doesn't really
cake up or anything since it finished to
more like a dewy finish but other than
that it's a very nice foundation I think
it can be compared to the Chanel aqua
you don't know the name the aqua
foundation by Chanel it has that
lightweight watery
feel to it so that's my two cents on it
it's the retail I think it was right
about $27 yeah
but I think that's all thank you so much
for watching and I will see you next
time bye